Daniel Bergeron
<br />COMP 4610 GUI I 
<br />daniel_bergeron1@student.uml.edu
<br />For this assignment I have implemented a series of scrabble features. The main feature I was able to implement was the drag and drop feature. A player can drag a tile to any space on the board, highlighting is included to help the player. They can also move it back to the tile holder. If the player drags to an invalid drop zone it will revert it to the space it came from. When a player drops a tile onto the board it will be displayed in the proper order next to the “word” display. A score will also be displayed. When removed the word and score will adjust dynamically. There are two buttons that can be used, the “new word” button and the “restart” button. When the new word button is clicked, a new set of tiles will be generated, and the score will be recorded. When the restart button is hit the game will record the score if it is a high score, reset all the other displays and create new tiles. To manage the UI I created two helper classes a player class to control the game and displays, and a tile class to hold information about the tiles. I was also able to keep track of how many tiles are left and restart the game if the player runs out. The random function I created also takes into account how many tiles of each type are left and won’t return a letter if there are no more of that type. 
Despite these successes, I was unable to implement every feature I wanted to, mostly because of time constraints. The missing features are as follows. I was unable to implement a rule that only displays the word when tile is next to each other. Currently if there is a space in the player placement the game will simply see it as one word. In the ideal situation any tiles not placed consecutively would bounce back. The new game button does not consider the tiles the player has not used so it will replace all of them. I would like to change this so that the game will only replace tiles not on the board. Another feature that is missing is word validation. Currently all the tiles are counted I would like to adjust this so the script checks if the game board contains a valid word, then adds to the score.  One other feature that could be useful is centering tiles when they are returned to the tile rack. Currently tiles can be placed anywhere on the tile rack including over each other. 
